---
layout: post
title: "Day 4 — Project Discussion, Collaboration & Hands-on Learning"
date: 2026-05-29
permalink: /day4.html
tags: ["research", "collaboration", "AI", "learning"]

what_i_learned: |
  Today we had a very productive and interactive session. We started by discussing our project with our team, where we shared ideas and got a better understanding of our overall direction. It helped me see how each person contributes differently and how teamwork shapes the project.

  We also learned more about coding through videos and explanations from mentors. The graduate mentors assigned us specific tasks, which made the work feel more organized and gave us a clear idea of what to focus on next. It was helpful because it connected what we are learning to real project goals.

  A big part of today was the AI quest activity, where we built a simple AI model to help solve real-world problems. It made the learning experience more hands-on and helped me understand how AI can actually be applied in practical situations.

  Finally, we practiced Python and completed coding exercises, which helped strengthen my understanding of basic programming concepts. Even though some parts were challenging, practicing step by step made it easier to follow.

blockers: |
  One small blocker I faced was understanding some of the Python practice questions at first, especially when applying new concepts. However, reviewing the examples and working with the group helped me clear my confusion and continue smoothly. Watching the instructional videos also made things easier to understand.

reflection: |
  Today felt very engaging and productive. I really enjoyed the mix of learning, coding practice, and the AI quest activity because it made everything feel more practical and interactive.

  Working with my team and receiving guidance from mentors made the project feel more structured and less overwhelming. It also helped me stay motivated and focused throughout the session.

  Overall, I left today feeling more confident in my understanding of AI, coding, and teamwork, and I’m excited to keep building on what we learned.

next_shift_expectations: |
  In the next session, I expect to continue improving my Python skills and gain more clarity on how our project will be developed step by step. I also hope to work more on the AI model and understand how to improve its performance. I want to become more confident in applying what I learn to real tasks and contribute more effectively to my team.
---
