---
layout: post
title: "Day 43 — Symposium Practice and Constructive Feedback"
date: 2026-07-23
permalink: /day43.html
tags: ["research", "symposium", "presentation", "practice"]

what_i_learned: |
  Today was dedicated to practicing our final symposium presentation. We spent
  the morning rehearsing our presentation as a team, making sure that everyone
  was comfortable with their assigned sections and that the transitions between
  speakers were smooth. It was a valuable opportunity to experience what the
  actual presentation might feel like and identify areas that still needed
  improvement.

  Unfortunately, I was not feeling my best today. I have been dealing with
  tonsillitis for about a week, and during my presentation I kept coughing,
  which made it difficult to speak clearly and maintain my confidence. Because
  of this, I made several mistakes and was not able to present my section as
  well as I had hoped. Although it was disappointing, I reminded myself that
  practice sessions are meant to reveal weaknesses so that we can improve before
  the final presentation.

  My teammates did an excellent job presenting their sections. They spoke
  confidently, explained the research clearly, and supported one another
  throughout the practice. Watching them present motivated me to keep improving
  despite not feeling well.

  At the end of the session, we received constructive feedback from our mentors
  and peers. They provided suggestions on improving our delivery, speaking more
  confidently, maintaining eye contact, and simplifying a few technical
  explanations to make them easier for the audience to understand. We also noted
  a few slide adjustments that could make the presentation flow more smoothly.

  Although today was challenging because of my illness, it was still a productive
  learning experience. I now have a much clearer understanding of what I need to
  improve, and I am determined to continue practicing so that I can deliver my
  best presentation at the final symposium.

blockers: |
  I was experiencing tonsillitis and frequent coughing throughout the practice,
  which affected my voice and confidence while presenting.

next_steps: |
  Continue recovering, practice my presentation multiple times, apply the
  feedback we received, and build more confidence before the final symposium.
---
